README.md, before:

## Scratch 2.0 editor and player [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/LLK/scratch-flash.svg?branch=master)](https://magnum.travis-ci.com/LLK/scratch-flash)
This is the open source version of Scratch 2.0 and the core code for the official version found on http://scratch.mit.edu. This code has been released under the GPL version 2 license.

If you're interested in contributing to Scratch, please take a look at the issues on this repository. Two great ways of helping Scratch are helping us identify bugs and documenting them as issues or fixing issues and creating pull requests. When submitting pull requests please be patient. The Scratch Team is very busy and it can take a while to find time to review the pull requests. Your code may require changes before being accepted or may not be suitable to acceptance. The organization and class structures can't be radically changed without significant coordination and collaboration from the Scratch Team. These types of changes should be avoided since they would impact the official version.

Unfortunately, when migrating the issues to this new repository the existing pull requests and references to other issues have been broken. We will try to clarify comments when necessary and as old issues are closed this will become less of an issue.

### Building
To build the Scratch 2.0 SWF you will need [Ant](http://ant.apache.org/), the [Flex SDK](http://flex.apache.org/) version 4.10+, and [playerglobal.swc files](http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html#playerglobal) for Flash Player versions 10.2 and 11.4 added to the Flex SDK. Scratch is used in a multitude of settings and some users have older versions of Flash which we try to support (as far back as 10.2).

After downloading ``playerglobal11_4.swc`` and ``playerglobal10_2.swc``, move them to ``<path to flex>/frameworks/libs/player/<version>/playerglobal.swc``. E.g., ``playerglobal11_4.swc`` should be located at ``<path to flex>/frameworks/libs/player/11.4/playerglobal.swc``.

The ``build.properties`` file sets the default location for the Flex SDK. Create a ``local.properties`` file to set the location on your filesystem. Your ``local.properties`` file may look something like this:
```
FLEX_HOME=/home/joe/downloads/flex_sdk_4.11
```
Now you can run Ant ('ant' from the commandline) to build the SWF.

If the source is building but the resulting .swf is producing runtime errors, your first course of action should be to download version 4.11 of the Flex SDK and try targeting that. The Apache foundation maintains an [installer](http://flex.apache.org/installer.html) that lets you select a variety of versions. Newer versions of the SDK will build successfully but are known to cause runtime errors related to the ``flash.display3D.Context3D`` class.

### Debugging
Here are a few integrated development environments available with Flash debugging support:
* [Intellij IDEA](http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/features/flex_ide.html)
* [Adobe Flash Builder](http://www.adobe.com/products/flash-builder.html)
* [FlashDevelop](http://www.flashdevelop.org/)
* [FDT for Eclipse](http://fdt.powerflasher.com/)

Commit message:

Changes to link to design principles of scratch, set limits on new features.

README.md, after:

## Scratch 2.0 editor and player [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/LLK/scratch-flash.svg?branch=master)](https://magnum.travis-ci.com/LLK/scratch-flash)
This is the open source version of Scratch 2.0 and the core code for the official version found on http://scratch.mit.edu. This code has been released under the GPL version 2 license.

If you're interested in contributing to Scratch, please take a look at the issues on this repository. Two great ways of helping Scratch are by identifying bugs and documenting them as issues, or fixing issues and creating pull requests. When submitting pull requests please be patient -- the Scratch Team is very busy and it can take a while to find time to review them. The organization and class structures can't be radically changed without significant coordination and collaboration from the Scratch Team, so these types of changes should be avoided.

It's been said that the Scratch Team spends about one hour of design discussion for every pixel in Scratch, but some think that estimate is a little low. While we welcome suggestions for new features in our <a href="http://scratch.mit.edu/discuss/1/">suggestions forum</a> (especially ones that come with mockups), we are unlikely to accept PRs with new features that we haven't deeply thought through. Why? Because we have a strong belief in the value of keeping things simple for new users. To learn more about our design philosophy, see this <a href="http://scratch.mit.edu/discuss/1/">forum post<a>, or <a href="http://web.media.mit.edu/~jmaloney/papers/ScratchLangAndEnvironment.pdf">this paper</a>.

### Building
To build the Scratch 2.0 SWF you will need [Ant](http://ant.apache.org/), the [Flex SDK](http://flex.apache.org/) version 4.10+, and [playerglobal.swc files](http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html#playerglobal) for Flash Player versions 10.2 and 11.4 added to the Flex SDK. Scratch is used in a multitude of settings and some users have older versions of Flash which we try to support (as far back as 10.2).

After downloading ``playerglobal11_4.swc`` and ``playerglobal10_2.swc``, move them to ``<path to flex>/frameworks/libs/player/<version>/playerglobal.swc``. E.g., ``playerglobal11_4.swc`` should be located at ``<path to flex>/frameworks/libs/player/11.4/playerglobal.swc``.

The ``build.properties`` file sets the default location for the Flex SDK. Create a ``local.properties`` file to set the location on your filesystem. Your ``local.properties`` file may look something like this:
```
FLEX_HOME=/home/joe/downloads/flex_sdk_4.11
```
Now you can run Ant ('ant' from the commandline) to build the SWF.

If the source is building but the resulting .swf is producing runtime errors, your first course of action should be to download version 4.11 of the Flex SDK and try targeting that. The Apache foundation maintains an [installer](http://flex.apache.org/installer.html) that lets you select a variety of versions. Newer versions of the SDK will build successfully but are known to cause runtime errors related to the ``flash.display3D.Context3D`` class.

### Debugging
Here are a few integrated development environments available with Flash debugging support:
* [Intellij IDEA](http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/features/flex_ide.html)
* [Adobe Flash Builder](http://www.adobe.com/products/flash-builder.html)
* [FlashDevelop](http://www.flashdevelop.org/)
* [FDT for Eclipse](http://fdt.powerflasher.com/)
